You just saw how to analyze DataFrames with imperative programming.
Next, you'll learn to query data with a declarative approach.
Spark comes with a SQL library that lets you query DataFrames using
the same SQL syntax you'd use in a tool like MySQL or Postgres.
There are quite a few benefits to working with Spark SQL,
especially if you're already comfortable with the SQL language.
Plus, you'll be able to share your Spark code with a wider community,
since many analysts and data scientists prefer using SQL.
Also, Spark automatically optimizes your SQL code,
to speed up the process of manipulating and retrieving data.
To follow you it's cake analogy, you simply tell your program to bake a cake,
and Spark SQL will give you a great cake even if you don't detail the exact steps.
Let's jump in.